TINKERPOP-3166 Implement asNumber() step (#3153)
apache/tinkerpop: docs/src/reference/the-traversal.asciidoc

link:++https://tinkerpop.apache.org/javadocs/x.y.z/core/org/apache/tinkerpop/gremlin/process/traversal/dsl/graph/GraphTraversal.html#asDate()++[`asDate()`]

[[asNumber-step]]
=== AsNumber Step

The `asNumber()`-step (*map*) converts the incoming traverser to the nearest parsable type if no argument is provided, or to the desired numerical type, based on the number token (N) provided.

Numerical input will pass through unless a type is specified by the number token, with the exception that any float number will be converted into double. `ArithmeticException` will be thrown for any overflow during narrowing of types.

> String input will be parsed. By default, the smalled unit of number to be parsed into is `int` if no number token is provided. `NumberFormatException` will be thrown for any unparsable strings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
String inputs are parsed into numeric values. By default, the value will be parsed as an integer if it represents a whole number, or as a double if it contains a decimal point. A NumberFormatException will be thrown if the string cannot be parsed into a valid number format.
```

All other input types will result in `IllegalArgumentException`.

[gremlin-groovy,modern]
----
g.inject(1).asNumber() <1>
g.inject(1.76).asNumber() <2>

> g.inject(1.76).asNumber(N.nint) <3>

Reviewer: The example should indicate that the value is truncated to `1`.

Author: The results will actually display once the docs are processed, that's when these traversals are ran.
